First pass intg CAMO limitations with limitations (#3823)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/pgd/5/limitations.mdx

title: "Limitations"
---

This section covers design limitations of EDB Postgres Distributed (PGD), that
should be taken into account when planning your deployment.

## Limitations related to the number of nodes

- PGD can run hundreds of nodes assuming adequate hardware and network. However,
  for mesh-based deployments, we generally don’t recommend running more than 48

>   nodes in one cluster. If extra read scalability is needed beyond the 48 node

Reviewer: Can we make this sentence active? For example,
```suggestion
  nodes in one cluster. If you need extra read scalability beyond the 48 node
```

  the right order of commits.

- CLI and OTEL integration (new with v5) assumes one database. 

## CAMO

[Commit At Most Once](durability/camo) (CAMO) is a feature that aims to prevent
applications committing more than once. If you use this feature, take 
these limitations into account when planning:

-  CAMO is designed to query the results of a recently failed COMMIT on
the origin node. So, in case of disconnection, code the application
to immediately request the transaction status from the CAMO partner.
Have as little delay as possible after the failure before
requesting the status. Applications must not rely on CAMO decisions
being stored for longer than 15 minutes.

-  If the application forgets the global identifier assigned, for example,
as a result of a restart, there's no easy way to recover
it. Therefore, we recommend that applications wait for outstanding
transactions to end before shutting down.

-  For the client to apply proper checks, a transaction protected by CAMO
can't be a single statement with implicit transaction control. You also can't
use CAMO with a transaction-controlling procedure or
in a `DO` block that tries to start or end transactions.

> - CAMO resolves commit status but doesn't yet resolve pending

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- CAMO resolves commit status but doesn't resolve pending
```
